Add docs (#92)
datajoint/element-calcium-imaging: docs/src/index.md

# Element Calcium Imaging

> DataJoint element for functional calcium imaging with `ScanImage`, `Scanbox`,
> `Nikon NIS`, or `PrairieView` acquisition systems and `Suite2p` or `CaImAn` suites
> for analysis. DataJoint Elements collectively standardize and automate data collection
> and analysis for neuroscience experiments. Each Element is a modular pipeline for data
> storage and processing with corresponding database tables that can be combined with
> other Elements to assemble a fully functional pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DataJoint Element for functional calcium imaging with `ScanImage`, `Scanbox`,
`Nikon NIS`, or `PrairieView` acquisition software and `Suite2p` or `CaImAn` analysis software. DataJoint Elements collectively standardize and automate data collection
and analysis for neuroscience experiments. Each Element is a modular pipeline for data
storage and processing with corresponding database tables that can be combined with
other Elements to assemble a fully functional pipeline.
```
